hi guys i'm going to show you how to
burst as I holy paladin it's not it's
not like you will do it constantly but
if you got some pressure up you are
going for the kill you can use this back
room
to give the final blows here is the
macro you just basically pop your wings
and you're just your cooldowns accrual
your trinket at the same time and use
your offensive abilities holy prism
merges with the macro with that you just
spam denounce and holy shock I'll show
you now how the damages you you could
stack five stacks of guardian of the
Asian things so you get a 50-percent
test casting speed increase i'm going to
show you this with with the fire fifty
percent increase
right now that's five secs i'm going to
pop it and go burst
she can see through a lot of damage
there you go
so 1.2 nearly 1.3 million damage in 20
seconds it's pretty big burst it's a you
can help your teammates out a lot we are
that's about it I hope you can use it